Modularize prometheus (#1732)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/kyma/docs/030-inst-local-installation-from-release.md

> **NOTE:** Running the installation script deletes any previously existing cluster from your Minikube.

> > **Note:** By default logging and monitoring sub-components are installed on minikube. Although these components can be installed if required. The installation instructions are mentioned [here](../../../resources/README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** Logging and Monitoring subcomponents are not included by default when you install Kyma on Minikube. You can install them using the instructions provided [here](../../../resources/README.md).
```
